The Binary Parameter Block

Example of INI structure:

[Parent]
Option/Child = Value

Header - 
Magic - b"BPBh" for Race-O-Rama and b"BPB\x00" for Mater-National (4bytes)
Start of Parent Definition (4 bytes)
Start of Child and Value pair definition (4 bytes)
Number of Parents in file as representsed in Label definition (2 bytes)
Number of Children in file as representsed in Option definition (2 bytes)

Also Header - 
Label String Offset at 0x10 (4 bytes)
Size of Label String data at 0x14 (4 bytes)
Value String Offset at 0x18 (4 bytes)
Size of Value String data at 0x1c (4 bytes)

Table of Parents and Children (Definitions)

Parent Definition -
A DJB-2 Hash of the corresponding String Label
Offset to the corrseponding String Label (4 bytes)
Flag (Is 0xFF most of the time, otherwise its an integer that should be converted to a string and concatenated to the Label. Ex: Song 1) (2 bytes)
The number of children (2 bytes)
Index for first child as part of the Parent (4 bytes)

Option Definition -
A DJB-2 Hash of the corresponding String Label

If the file is from Race-O-Rama, then the flag will be the first byte in the Option offset. Otherwise, it will be after the offset.

Offset to the corrseponding String Label (4 bytes)
Mater-National Flag (2 bytes)
Null Padding (2 bytes) - This area is populated with a String Value, if the flag says it should be.
Value (4 bytes) - This area is populated with either an offset to a String Value, or the value itself.

Footer - 
Label String Data - Contains every referenced Label, separated with a null byte.
Values that are longer than 5 bytes go in the Value Data, otherwise they go with the entry (0x02 flag).

Data Types:
Float - Big Endian Single (Defined as flag 0x08 in Mater-National and 0xC0 in Race-O-Rama)
String (Right after definition) - (Stored right next to definition, defined as flag 0x02 in Mater-National and 0x40 in Race-O-Rama)
String (Value Data) (Stored as an offset to a string in the Value String data in the footer, defined as flag 0x01 in Mater-National and 0x00 in Race-O-Rama)
This data type is inferred as the default if the data starts with "" or has an ascii character in it.
Integer - (Stored as a 4 byte Big Endian integer, defined as flag 0x04 in Mater-National and 0x80 in Race-O-Rama)

Race-O-Rama BPB files have an extra section before the string tables, likely used to speed up lookups. Not much is known about the section other than that.
